docs updates for storybook, JS fields, and getSecret() (#25)
HubSpot/cms-js-building-block-examples: docs/reference.md

Returns `true` for components rendered live for a deployed project and `false` when rendering in the dev server.

### `getSecret`

`(secretName: string) => string`

> Returns a value for a given secret key. The secret must be defined using `hs secrets` in the CLI and the key must be included in a `secrets` array in your `cms-assets.json` configuration. When working  To prevent accidental leaking of secrets, `getSecret()` will only successfully run on the server and not within an island. If a secret value isn't sensitive and you need to access it in island components, you may call `getSecret()` outside the island and pass the value in as a prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a value for a given secret key. The secret must be defined using `hs secrets` in the CLI and the key must be included in a `secrets` array in your `cms-assets.json` configuration. In order to prevent accidentally leaking  secrets, `getSecret()` can only be called from components executed on the server and not from the browser (within an island). If a secret value isn't sensitive and you need to access it in island components, you may call `getSecret()` outside the island and pass the value down via a prop.
```
